You migrant worker, what the hell did you do?
Don't say I'll call the police to arrest you
Oh my mother
Our house burns mountains just for fun
Don't take it personally.
He puts up a street stall every day
How can I have time to spy on you? Do you think it is?
I said you are setting up a stall every day
We can all not testify
Yes
Stall every day
Even in the middle of the night, mom
Mom, what's wrong?
Aoxue, I told you
People who integrate into the bottom can't get married
You don't believe
He actually installed a monitor in our house
Voyeur
What!
You bumped into the monitor at my house, you can eat rice indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
Then how do you explain my cirrhosis?
I can see it from your face
And you don't just have cirrhosis
Still less sperm and irregular menstruation
Sometimes it takes half a month to come.
Sometimes three or four months
The old Chinese medicine doctor prescribed you a lot of medicine to treat palace cold
Bag but it didn't work
You have severe abdominal pain as soon as your period arrives
Then the breast pain is worse than death
Am I right?
How do you know that?
Because I am good at the art of the emperor
Is it curable?
If it can be cured
I won't bother with you about this today
When I see a doctor and save a life, it's always about my mood
No one has ever bargained
Tiqiao has seen enough Liu Shuang
Don't take your
Take out the nasty Jianghu version of the play to deceive people
You have to think I'm lying
Then forget it.
Don't ask me then.
Let's not talk about that.
Who invited these nasty migrant workers?